I mentioned in the last reflection that I'm glad I know understand pointers. However it became clear in this weeks Swap assignment that I didn't quickly grasp how to use pointers. After trying, failing, reading the notes, and trying again I finally got it to work in a sensible way. I think more practice is in order but not this week as other demands do not permit it.

Glad to have finally learnt loops! After reading the introduction to this week and explicitly being told not to use //for// loops I thought that it would be a challenge, but I agree with the introduction that //for// loops are just fancy while loops really. To be honest most of the time I have seen for loops in C/C++ I forgot which term was which. Using a //while// loop allows the same functionality with more control (at least until I start getting lazy again).

I completed the showDanish task before watching the final lecture, so whilst I have completed it didn't realise at the time what the point of the task was. I may go back when I have a few minutes and re-write it to be more in-line with what was expected.

Still not in the habit of writing tests as part of my programming style. This will require a concerted effort, I think the next function I have to write I will force myself to write the tests first or not do it at all!

No procrastination at all this week. Got straight in an got on with it. It could be said that I procrastinated on other task in my life in order to complete this one but it's all about perspective. I'm still annoyed that OpenLearning only releases modules one week at a time. I know that next week I will be busier and would like to get some of the work done as I have finished early this week.

I am once again Awesome this week, according to this website.

As a personal plug I am currently looking for work in the computer programming sector, based in the Midlands, United Kingdom. Currently with few C/C++ skills, more Python, less Lua and unfortunately some LabView. If anyone out there would like to talk to me, after seeing my submissions to this course either with a job or advice I would appreciate it.